Add second order tracking to more elements (#476)
desy-ml/cheetah: CHANGELOG.md

- Add the ability to the Bmad and Elegant converters to parse expressions that access properties from other elements (see #501, #498) (@amylizzle, @jank324)
- Update the Elegant converter to allow element names with colon as well as the definition of reversed beamlines with a minus sign. (see #504) (@cr-xu, @jank324)
- `Segment`s can now conveniently be reversed with the `Segment.reversed` method (see #504) (@jank324)

> - Allow second-order tracking for dipole, drift, and quadrupole elements, and add a convenient method to set tracking method for all the segment. Rename the tracking method `cheetah` to `linear`. (see #476) (@cr-xu)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Allow second-order tracking for `Drift`, `Dipole` and `Quadrupole` elements, and add a convenient method to set tracking methods for an entire segment. Rename the tracking method `"cheetah"` to `"linear"`. `"cheetah"` will remain supported with a `DeprecationWarning`. (see #476) (@cr-xu)
```

Reviewer: Is this entry still correct?
